My ex girlfriend wet herself for me over FaceTime

Author: Alldownmythigh

*000*2025-12-17 07:58

Hey all, so this story took place when I was 19 and I still find myself thinking back on it often so I thought I’d share. To set the stage, my ex was around 5’3” with a slim waist, fiery blond hair and a beautiful body. She was wearing her black sports bra and a pair of cotton white panties. I called her at about 8pm and we talked normally for around an hour. Beginning at around 9 she told me that she needed to pee and was going to go use the bathroom. 

I had never really discussed my fetish with anyone in great length, but I wanted to test the waters, so I casually asked her if she would “hold it for as long as she could” and that I wouldn’t use the bathroom until she did. To my surprise, she was thrilled with this idea, and said she could “hold it for hours.” Little did she know that her bladder wouldn’t cooperate with her like she had planned. After about 30 minutes, she was growing visibly desperate, her voice grew frantic as her phone shook with desperation.

Another 30 minutes passed and I could tell she was reaching her limit, soft moans were audible through the speaker and she had told me she had just leaked. “Just let it all out, right there in bed in your panties,” I told her, almost shocked by how forward I had just been about my fetish. “If you say so” said my ex, and just as the camera flipped, she began to piss herself, urine soaking into her white cotton panties, cascading down her thighs and creating a massive wet patch on the sheets beneath her. As she went, the relief could be heard through the loud moaning and soft grinding of her hips on the mattress below. My ex had just full on wet the bed, and she seemed to enjoy it. This led to the discovery of a shared interest and many more wet evenings.

*002*2025-12-18 19:55

{{9 hours ago, Nephrite said:

Did she have a waterproof mattress protector? She would have ruined the mattress otherwise.

}}

She did. A few months after this happened she had told me that after she had a few too many drinks with her friends one night she accidentally wet the bed. Ever since then she had bought a mattress protector just in case!

*005*2025-12-19 02:15

{{1 hour ago, Gamerman said:

Wow, thats amazing and crazy how she just casually went with it! Nice

}}

Little did I know she was more kinky than I am lol.

*007*2025-12-19 06:18

{{53 minutes ago, alexthebest2 said:

That’s amazing!

Do you have more stories with her?

}}

I have a few more stories with her but they involve me a lot, I could share but depends on if anyone would wanna hear multi gender desperation stories.

