My ex wet sitting on my lap outdoors by the fire

Author: Alldownmythigh

*000*2025-12-20 15:20

Hey everyone

So this story is with my ex girlfriend from my last story, but for anyone who hasn’t read the prior, my ex girlfriend was about 5’3” with gorgeous shoulder length blond hair. She had a slim waist and her body was absolutely amazing.

So one night just when it was starting to get warm outside but to the point where it was still a bit brisk, my ex and I decided we were going to go and have a few drinks by the fire. I have to pee slightly at this point, but not enough to warrant using the restroom, so I decided to hold it.

We get to talking by the fire and at this point, I have had 2 beers. About an hour goes by and I have another beer and I start to get pretty desperate. I guess my ex can see this, and being the mischievous girl I had grown to know over my time with her, she took opportunity of this.

My ex told me she had to pee too, but was waiting for me to start to show I was really desperate to act. She walked over to me and told me to stand up. I slowly complied, now carefully making sure (I would fail soon enough) not to leak into my tight stone washed jeans. She began to push on my bladder, the immense pressure in me started to build rapidly, and before I knew it, a small spurt shot out into my boxers.

My ex began to laugh in her cute way she always did, and I told her I wouldn’t be able to hold it for much longer. She was feeling generous (most likely a little tipsy) so she said she would let me, but there was one more thing she wanted.

She sat me down and climbed directly on top of me. As soon as she sat I felt a wet spot grow on my crotch. At first I thought maybe I finally gave in and wet myself, but then my ex began to moan and I realized that she was pissing herself. Piss flooded her tight fitting grey leggings, soaking into the fabric and flowing onto my crotch. I was shocked, but incredibly turned on.

I thought this would be the end of it, but as she was actively wetting herself, I felt myself lose control and I too began wetting myself. I told her this and it only turned her on more.

She then promptly brought me inside, cleaned us up in the shower and then we enjoyed an incredible evening together.

