The Hollow Knight: Silksong Challenge

Author: Alice Ivy

*000*2026-01-27 12:39

Hello! It's Alice again!

I did something yesterday that was rather fun. I set up some rules for a HK:SK run and tried to get as far as I could. Here are the rules if anyone wants to try for themselves:

Both hands must remain on your controller or keyboard during gameplay unless otherwise specified

You must not use your hands to hold yourself unless specified

You must not pause the game

After beating a boss (main bosses, mini bosses, and arenas) you may use your hands to hold yourself for the duration of the death animation.

If any of these rules are broken at any time, drink 100ml

Drinking events:

When resting at a bench, drink 100ml of your chosen liquid

Upon death take a tip of your chosen liquid

Score is based on bosses beaten not time spent in the run

Arena Boss: 5 point

Mini boss: 10 points

Main boss: 20 points

Clearing act 1: 50 points

Clearing act 2: 100 points

Beating the game (can be done in act 2 or 3): 200 points

Spoiler warning! I do not discuss anything past act 1 and I will not discuss any plot related items I encountered. That being said, this is a wonderful game that I recommend to anyone.

These rules have been slightly modified. I had the drinks set to 250ml but that put me way too close to 1l an hour and I actually had to stop drinking to not push myself over that limit.

Before we get into detailing my run, it's time for the obligatory description part! I’m quite tall at 6’4” (or 193cm for all you metric lovers) and I’m continuing to put on weight, proper chubby now :(. I was wearing a t-shirt, jeans, red panties, and no bra. Before I ever started playing, I had already drunk 250L of water and I hadn't peed in 2 hours. I launched the game and started streaming to some friends. The early game was very uneventful. I skipped the bench before moss mother and beat her first try. Making it out to the starting area where a few cut scenes play. I felt I should take the bench in Bone Bottom just in case I got an early death bringing my total amount drunk to 500ml.

I'm now going to rush through what happened before things start to get interesting. I beat the first arena, made it up to Mosshome where I grabbed silkspear, beat bellbeast on my second attempt, made my way to Deep Docks, and promptly got very lost.

Here's where me starting the challenge early gets important. I needed to pee already. It had been an hour since I started but three hours since I last peed. It wasn't bad, maybe a 4/10 but it was enough to make me lose focus on what I was doing in the game. I knew I needed sprint and I knew vaguely where it was and I just couldn't find it. I took a bench in Deep Docks bringing my total up to 1750ml and went into an arena that I did not need to go in. I died twice in this arena and my reward was nothing. Just an alternate path up.

Eventually after much screwing around I found where to go for the sprint power up. I had to get past another arena which I beat on the first try and grabbed the power up. Now it was time to defeat lace. I used a bench again to refill my masks bringing my total up to 1000ml and fought Lace, it took me 3 attempts and 15 minutes but I did get her down eventually. I made my way to far fields taking another death nearly immediately. I felt I should take a bench in far feilds before 4th Chorus so that brought my total to 2250ml. I got my cloak and beat 4th Chorus first try.

I was starting to get truly desperate at this point. I was fanning my legs, taking every boss death as a chance to hold myself briefly until the death animation finished. I made my way to Greymoor as quickly as I could. I took a bench in the halfway home. At this point I was shaking and shivering in complete desperation and my friends suggested that this bench could be free. I made my way over to Moorwing, dying three times to those scissor enemies. I kept trying to keep this Moorwing guy but I was so shaky and desperate, it just was not possible. I started leaking while trying for the 5th time which caused the final death. I tried so hard to keep it in and hold back without using my hands but I just couldn't. The little leaks had turned into bigger leaks which turned into a constant flow. I ran downstairs to the toilet leaving a little trail of pee on my way and started properly going before I managed to get my panties off. It felt amazing.

At the end of the run my points total was 90 from beating Moss mother, bell beat, lace, fourth chorus, along with three arenas. I will try this one again at some point with the updated ruleset because that was the most fun I've had with silksong since I finished the game.

*002*2026-01-29 10:59

{{13 hours ago, sapphicmarina said:

Omg I gottaaa try this this is a super cute idea, reading the way you got more desperate and lost focus until ya leaked and lost control was very hot < 33

}}

Thank you! If it was my first playthrough, I wouldn't have made it to bell beast lol.

*004*2026-01-30 23:19

{{18 minutes ago, Grady404 said:

Sounds like it was super fun! Have you thought of recording at all? I think it would make an amazing video.

}}

Prehaps one day. It would be a really long video though.

*006*2026-01-30 23:59

{{15 minutes ago, Grady404 said:

I think seeing the build up would be really fun. Especially if there was gameplay footage also, to see if your performance faltered as your desperation rose

}}

Alright then. I was actually planning another run with the modified rules on monday so I'll give it a shot!

