Witnessed Very Desperate Woman Stealth Wetting In Street

Author: ar ar ar

*000*2026-02-11 22:57

So a few days ago I witnessed a woman attempt a stealth wetting, and quite successfully…

I just finished work and got off site - TORRENTIAL FUCKING RAIN. I was not equipped for such a downpour. Coat, shirt, trousers, even shoes, soaked through. So I start speed walking my way back home.

As I go into more of the local town shops area, about half way through, this rather tall woman is also walking in front of me about 3 metres ahead at a constant speed.

I didn’t really think much of it or care, all I was focused on was getting home and out of this utterly abusive rain.

This woman was about 5’11 with a slender figure but noticeable enough curvature at the thighs, waist, and ass. Long wavy blonde hair, with a beanie hat and small waterproof puffer jacket. She looked as though she could be somewhere in her early-mid 20s. She had on blue jeans which had been made darker by the sheer amount of all-encompassing sogginess being thrown down from the sky.

But anyway… I noticed her slow for just a split second and squeeze her thighs together at a slightly slower pace, but still very much ahead of me. Then a few seconds later reach for her crotch and held herself for another split second, kind of like a quick pinching motion. Then it hit me - I naturally walk quite fast anyway, so for someone to be at a constant speed ahead of me, this girl must have been in a rush. But this was hidden quite well by the fact she had a relatively large stride naturally being her height.

This walk continues in the same direction as I’m headed for another minute. She was now constantly looking round her, eyes flickering about taking in the surroundings.

The thing is, I only really thought about these details after what happened next…

At the outside of the town area just before it joins a long road of houses, this woman takes a right just round the corner, goes about 4 metres down it, then comes to a halt. She very quickly turned to face the other side of the road instead of forward down her path. As well as this, she leaned back against the wall along the pavement and pressed her ass against it, almost half sitting up / leaning back.

I now had a very quick check at this, as I thought it was a little odd…

I see her fumbling with getting her phone hurriedly out of her small shoulder bag and raise it to her ear almost in one movement. I look away as to not be seen staring and carry on down my route passed her (I am keeping on forward instead of going round the corner she took)

Two seconds later I look back again.

She is not talking into the phone but just holding it next to her face with a somewhat flustered expression and eyes darting around. I then notice the middle of her (already rain-sodden) jeans very subtly turn a shade darker as what must have been a much needed piss started flooding her jeans. It was very subtle but noticeable to those watching carefully (me, even though for only about 2 seconds)

And this woman must have decided not just to let go, but to force it out as quickly as possible. The darker region didn’t even start as a small patch, the entire inner thighs almost instantly darkened as her piss flooded down her.

Admittedly to her merit, it was very very well hidden and thought out: Rain - already dark-ish sodden jeans, couldn’t see a puddle from her, nor even an actual stream fall from her (though I didn’t really have time to take in the entire scene). Ass and legs pressed back as to not show off her whole “accident” and make sure the worst of the wetting was out of view in the moment.

I simply accepted it, thought “Woah, huh. Ok, not seen that before.” but did not actually care as much as one would think. I just kept walking home as efficiently as possible, too cold and wet even to dwell on the thought of what I’d just seen.

*002*2026-02-11 23:45

{{2 minutes ago, bangboom said:

AMAZING story

}}

I mean... It was an amazing predicament to have actually caught just in the open. Was crazy, and somehow I didn't even care that much in the moment itself lmao.

*004*2026-02-12 00:18

{{24 minutes ago, bangboom said:

You were very lucky! You were unbothered in the moment, but how does it feel to write the words in retrospect?

}}

Oh it made me appreciate the situation a lot more

*009*2026-02-12 17:42

{{5 hours ago, John_diap said:

I love whe the universe aligns like this, have had similar happen once or twice over the years.

}}

Yeah it was crazy. I think I didn't really care too much in the moment just because I didn't really have time to take it in and mainly wanted to get home.

*011*2026-02-12 22:04

{{3 hours ago, Heloctre said:

Could you tell us more?

}}

I second this inquiry

*012*2026-02-13 16:38

$/121208-girlfriend-came-home-desperate-after-heavy-drinking-hold-all-night/?do=embed"

I just posted a story of when my girlfriend returned home tipsy and desperate after pub crawl and heavy drinking. If that interests anyone

