Big-Bladdered Girlfriend Had A Desperate Realisation From a Late Morning

Author: ar ar ar

*000*2026-02-22 21:23

One night a few weeks ago, my partner (described in a previous post) came home after a college formal event and a I think a short drink with a mate after. When she came home, it was pretty late (11:30pm ish)

She came into my room to put her bags down, kissed me, said “Hehe I’m a little tipsy. I need water.”

She came back from the sink with her water and she instantly just stripped off and curled up next to me while drinking half a pint of water. I had prepared everything for my next day already and was just passing my time waiting for her to get home finishing up a mission on whichever game.

About 15 minutes of gaming and cuddling later, we went to bed.

She said she had peed straight after the formal (about 10pm) and was fine just going to sleep, too tired to bother going back upstairs for pajamas and teethbrushing. Plus I had to get up early for a work meeting in the morning. But this meant there was still probably half the wine from her event, a pint of beer, and half pint of water yet to make its way through her system.

So… I do just that - leave the house at 8:15 for an 8:40 meeting. Then got through my first hour of actual work then realised I was actually free for about an hour and 15.

Home is only an 18 minute walk so I get back pretty quickly. This is now 10:15 ish.

As I got back into the house, approaching my room, I thought to myself…

“Hmmm actually, I wouldn’t be surprised if”-

Opened my door, boom, my beautiful girlfriend still in bed, but awake.

We say hi, I gave her a surprised look upon finding her still in bed and she goes “Yeah, I was kind of just waiting for a reason to get up. No classes today.”

“But now pookie’s home and I’m hungry. Yaaayyyy codependence.” She said in a playful, unserious way.

So she get up from under the covers and as she stood up (almost completely naked) I notice her bladder bulging from her abdomen.

She didn’t even bother with clothes, just put on my robe and we went to the kitchen. I explained I was back just for a little bit and she put the kettle on and got out a microwave meal.

As she finished stabbing the seal of the food’s packaging, she placed it down, and jolted up with very straight posture.

In a surprised manner, “Oooh. WOW. I have to PEE.” She said very firmly.

“Ok. I'm gonna put this in to heat up, then I’m gonna go to the bathroom.”

The suddenness caught me a little off-guard. I thought she would have gone already while I was out. But perhaps it was stagnant while she was in bed, as it seemed to creep up out of nowhere.

She put the microwave on then jogged up the stairs to the toilet, robe flowing behind her.

Damn I could hear it all.

She gave a small low sigh of obvious relief. Her stream wasn’t crazy or gushing but very quick to start and seemed to be about 35 seconds straight of a strong constant solid flow. Spluttering and quietly hissing and rumbling noisily into the water. It came to a quick stop without even dying down to a trickle. It must have been much more of a needed relief than she had realised. God it was so hot.

It had been a little over 12 hours since her last piss, and with quite a good amount of hydration through her system. She just didn’t realise how bad she actually had to go.

