Car Desperate

Author: anonwriter

*000*2026-02-28 15:01

So this is my first time writing anything on here. I’ve been a lurker for awhile but have never written anything before. I never really had much to say except for now.

Yesterday I left work and was heading to my boyfriend’s house for the night. We had plans to go watch a movie and go to the mall for a bit. Bit of background info is that I haven’t been feeling great all week so I’ve been trying to drink more water while I’m at work. This has led to me having to use the bathroom at work a bit more frequently.

About an hour before the end of my shift I went and peed. I noticed that by the end of my shift that I kind of had to go again but figured I’d be fine to get to my boyfriend’s house since he only lived about twenty minutes away. I walked out to my car with a couple coworkers and as I was putting my bag and jacket in my back seat I felt the first little dribble.

I was immediately embarrassed and quickly got it the car. It was only a tiny drop. Not even enough to soak through my underwear but still, it was in public and I didn’t control it. I’ve always had a big bladder, I’ve held it through entire twelve hour shifts before and never had an accident.

In the car I was increasingly becoming more desperate. All I wanted to do was cross my legs or hold myself but I couldn’t. The fact that it was rush hour did not help. About five more minutes of shifting uncomfortably in the car and ending up at a third red light another spurt left me. This one was longer and definitely fully soaked my panties. I felt my jeans but they didn’t feel wet yet.

I texted my boyfriend that I “genuinely may piss my pants”. He replied with “you’re a big girl. You can hold it”. That immediately made me flush. I lost another spurt after that and gasped. It was getting bad.

I managed to get almost to his house when another wave of desperation took my and I lost another leak. This one was longer. I knew the crotch of my jeans were wet through at this point.

I parked the car in his driveway and slowly got out. I feared any fast movement would be game over. I went to the passenger side to grab my bags and had to freeze for a few seconds. Another small leak. I was going to lose it.

I grabbed my bags and shuffled in the house. My boyfriend met me in the porch. He tried to give me a hug, secretly I think he wanted me to fully have an accident. I shoved my bags into his hands and scurried past him to the bathroom. I sat down, door still open, and finally was able to go.

It didn’t rush out. It was like I held it so hard that it was afraid. It almost hurt actually. Then I realized that I was probably brewing a uti, since I was feeling gross all week and the increased pee frequency. My boyfriend came and watched me in the doorway with a smirk on his face. I looked down at my jeans. There was a grapefruit sized wet patch in the crotch. I blushed and looked back up at him and asked him to get my bag. He asked if I had an accident. I shyly admitted a small one. He gave me my bag and let my charge in privacy.

I was kind of rotted because I only had my sweat suit to wear and I had wanted to wear my new jeans (the soaked ones) to the movie/mall. I was also a little mortified. My boyfriend knew I had an accident. He reassured me after that it’s okay and it happens to everyone. (He knows I have ocd and anxiety and that I was probably replaying the scenario in my head a million times). He teased a bit the rest of the night but also reassured me he wouldn’t tell anyone.

And here I am telling you guys lol. Idk why I thought to write this. Maybe I’ve just been thinking about it. The humiliation of a real accident… it’s definitely not been all that humiliating. And I had an amazing orgasm later that night just thinking about it 😉

