Desperate GF Held For Entire Burns Night Event

Author: ar ar ar

*000*2026-03-25 22:37

So in Britain we have a thing called Burns Night and it’s in celebration of the Scottish Poet Robbie Burns. Usually with colleges and Uni. You basically eat haggis, cake, and get drunk.

Anyway… My girlfriend (described in a previous post) took me as a guest to her College’s Burns Night event. We were both in kilts (very cool) and looking snazzy with matching tartan ties. I even had a sgian-dubh (pronounced sgeen-doo, little scottish sock knife) but that’s not important. She had on a shorter women' s kilt (thighs galore) and a wrap-around short cloak for extra warmth.

My girlfriend downed a quick cup of water around 6:15pm while getting ready and had last peed around 5:50-ish, and I did around 6:30. We left for it at 6:45pm to be there for 7pm. It started properly at 7:30. We arrived, met up with her friends, got chatting, both had a glass of champagne.

Then the event started properly with the cutting of the haggis, done by saber. We grabbed a bit of everything from the buffet and sat down to eat with her group. She got through about a half-pint of water, and another glass of champagne. I didn’t have as much to drink as she did. We then left to rejoin the main event again and did traditional Scottish group dancing which was fun.

People basically chilled just round and about the place, it was a pretty casual event given that some things and traditions were a bit pompous. Anyway, she has a glass of wine while we’re just going between wherever her friends and professors were, just chatting over the course of 20 minutes. We then sat down just us for a few minutes and shared a can of something like vodka and cranberry (the bar wasn’t really stocked for this event).

At around 10:20 her friends decided we should move on to a pub that’s quite close. Rounding up everyone and waiting for a few who went to the bathroom took about 10 minutes. I was actually considering going to piss but it wasn’t bad or anything and the place was crowded so I thought, fuck it I’ll go at the pub. However, I did think by now surely my girlfriend would have to piss. And then she said she’ll go and check who’s in the bathroom still. I thought she’d take this opportunity to go herself. But no, she came back out relatively quickly, accompanied by a few of her friends.

Anyway, we all walked to said pub and arrived there at possibly around 10:45. We each got a cider (pint) and spent about half an hour just going between my girlfriend’s different little groups of friends. She finished her pint within 20 mins and I downed the rest of mine as I realised people were dispersing and heading their own different ways home. I thought surely she wants to go piss by now, but people were leaving and the pub was very crowded at this point. I felt still just about fine, like I could hold it until we got home. We were both a little tipsy now and that helped dull the senses. She asked if I wanted to go get kebab (she wanted one and I was slightly peckish at this point) so obviously I obliged. The kebab van was literally a three minute walk away. But now it had started raining.

As we waited, a few guys walking along said “Lads, look another.” Pointing to me and went “Whhaaayyyy. Kilt. Kilt. Kilt!” drunkenly and enthusiastically. It was quite funny.

We ended up waiting longer than anticipated and now I really felt the need to pee. And I could see my girlfriend now shifting her weight bobbing from foot to foot very subtly. She said “Come here it’s fucking freezing and wet.” and wrapped us both up hugged in her cloak. Eventually we got our wraps and now she was checking her phone for bus timings. I told her I doubt we would be let on because we’ve got stinky warm food and she did not care she just wanted to get home soon out of the cold. So we found a bus and the driver was really chill and asked jokingly “Ah, did you get me anything?” And said just keep them in their packaging. So we did and sat down at the front of the top (British double-decker bus).

As we start going I see my girlfriend discreetly put her free hand under her cloak and in the direction of her crotch. I otherwise just sat there in a half-drunken stupor, only looking forwards out the window. But closer to home I caught her letting out a few sighs and a tiny whimper. Her hand stayed exactly where it was under her cloak for the whole journey (nearly 20 minutes in total). Every little bump in the road was hell and I thought I might piss myself at one point. But no, I managed to keep myself together and we got off with just another 5-ish minute walk until we were back. I felt slightly better and more in control now stood up and moving. My girlfriend on the other hand was starting to do a few more groany deep breaths and was walking quicker with a tight walk, thighs deliberately brushing against one another.

As we were nearing the corner to turn down to my house she let out a long hopeful but kind of scared sounding sigh and said mainly for own sake “Ok. Final lamppost in sight, nearly there.”

I asked if she’s alright, knowing full well she had to piss badly.

“Yeah I just wanna get home.”

So we get in the porch, I instinctively look for my keys in my trouser pocket (which is non-existent as I was wearing the kilt at the time) and she remembers she’s got the keys in her bag. She opens it up, but it’s too dark to see so she fumbles round with her phone’s flashlight and letting out a few quick low whimpers and annoyed sighs. After a good few seconds she found the keys and hastily opened the front door. We both went into my room (it is the first room on the right as you enter anyway). I took my shoes and suit jacket off, she threw her bag down onto the sofa. She then went and took her shoes off putting them on the shoe rack, then hung up her cloak.

As she reached up to do so, she was bobbing from foot to foot and rubbing her legs tightly together. She then came back in and started undressing to get into comfier casual bed clothing first. When she took off her shirt, I saw her bladder bulging an impressive amount outwards. As I had a now half-naked desperate to pee girlfriend in my room I said to her…

“Right. Well, I am going to 1. Feed the cats, 2. Brush teeth, 3. Take a fucking top 5 pisses of all time.”

She instantly responded, “Oh. Yeah. SAME.”

I said “I did a stupid and didn’t go all night.”

“Yeeaahh, I forgot to go to the pub.”

Now in shorts and a t-shirt she came out of my room, one of my cats started begging for her attention (she loves my girlfriend more than anyone else for some reason). And my girlfriend actually picked her up for a few seconds cradling her and said, “Girl, I love you, but I’m about to take the fattest piss of my life.” then put the cat back down.

She then did a little jog to the toilet. I heard her let out a louder relieved sight, plonk her ass down onto the seat, and she just started instantly. I could hear her stream was already thick and rumbling against the water in the bowl. I think she then tried to forcefully gush her piss out, as mid-way through it started loudly hissing out and spluttering even more powerfully. But the craziest thing is that she was only pissing for about 12 seconds, and then it stopped with a sudden halt. No dying trickle or anything. She let out a very relieved sounding groan and finished up.

I myself took one of the nicest pisses ever, and took a decent bit longer than she had.

We both got undressed, too tired for anything else and just went to bed eating our kebab and doom scrolling together.

So yeah. Pretty good night. The whole ordeal was kind of exhilarating, both watching my girlfriend and my own desperation.

Got another more recent story about my girlfriend yet again desperate to relieve herself at a more formal event. I’ll share soon. Hope you enjoyed, I sure fuckin did.


